<https://www.loom.com/share/91d07d5d2ab54508a2deff9607ba2a3f>

0:00 Hey everyone, uhm, so my name is Sam, I'm actually a moving owner, uh, I own a moving company in Calgary And I wanna tell you about, uhm, software which actually helped me to scale up So, few years ago, uh, we realized that we need to hire more people and all our calendars, you know, like all our systems 0:24 where we use the Google calendars, bunch of different apps for invoicing, for communication, everything Uhm, didn't really work out in terms of teaching other people how we want to run our operations So that's when I started, basically, looking for the solution and, uhm, checked the market, you know, 0:43 tried couple of versions But none of them worked very well Luckily, we were able to create our own CRM, uh, slash, you know, software for, uhm, for my company, for Cactus Moving And, uhm, in, in a year and a half or two years, we realized that people like it, you know, like other moving owners like it 1:05 as well It's simple and it's actually helped me to scale up, uh, Cactus Moving from one location in Calgary to five locations all over Canada. 1:13 So today I just want to show you a couple of, uh, cool features. There's many, many cool features, but I'll show you, uh, the main stuff, which helped me to, um, reduce problems, um, on my end on operations and hire more people, make it, you know, more automated, more structured and, uh, systemize, systemize 1:35 my business. So. A couple of things I'll show you right away. So we definitely have a sales option, um, where we can see like my calendar, all these are trucks, uh, including rental trucks, how many jobs on each one. 1:50 We can always open like a day view and see how it is like during the day. But the main thing about, uh, sales, I would say are two main things. 2:00 Thank you would say three main things is first one to know your customers, right? So we have, uh, your database, um, from all your previous moves. 2:08 Uh, if you have, uh, like me, I use Google calendars. So we were a B and we were able to transfer everything in here. 2:15 Um, we definitely have a sales pipeline, which helped us with a follow-ups big, big time, you know, like, um, we, we don't miss follow-ups anymore. 2:24 And, uh, so. Some of them are automated and it can be built how you want to operate and how you want to, um, follow up on your system. 2:32 Um, obviously the partners, that's where we got like so many, uh, so many customers because we try to do our business with quality. 2:41 So the partners is a huge venue of the, you know, of the leads. So, um, we have a referral system where you can. 2:48 Create your partner, you're able to assign them promo, promo codes, links, uh, give them access to the, their own portal where they can see basically all your sales. 3:01 The next big point is obviously the dashboard, uh, for the dispatch, um, and in general assignment for the job. So we, uh, used to use, uh, like a WhatsApp. 3:13 Messages and communications, uh, between the movers. But, uh, after this, we created basically the internal system where we can, you know, like see the, the communication with, uh, we can see the communication with the teams and, um, basically create the stages where they can upload some photos, some 3:33 damages, for example, or pre-existing forms, right. Record the payments in the end and, and many more. Uh, so this solves another issue of using external, uh, apps, but the main thing is obviously the assigning pages, right? 3:48 So where we can assign movers to the jobs. So every truck has, uh, like their movers, which we can assign to them. 3:55 Uh, we can make them drivers or, uh, you know, leaders or whatever. So the system is I'm showing you the days where we don't have movers to assign. 4:04 We can always assign needed movers, adding them labels. So we understand what these people actually can do. Um, and then, and then just assigned to the job. 4:14 And in this case, they will receive like a text message, notifying, like what, what happened, obviously assigning drivers to, we can attach them to the, uh, needed trucks, but in general, I would say the main issue it solves is like, uh, every, every mover has their own cabinet. 4:30 They will be able to see their schedule. Um, and, uh, you know, we never, never going to face the situation where we double booking movers, where we booking, and then they don't show up because, uh, system send them reminders over the text message that, hey, you're working tomorrow. 4:47 For example, you're working today. Hey, you've been assigned. To the job. Um, and, and many more. So obviously we have a bunch of different reports. 4:54 Um, and I would say the, the biggest thing, uh, here for like a smaller companies, who's like trying to grow up is obviously a review collection, uh, system helping us to collect the review from your customers, but, uh, preventing us to getting any four, three, two, one stars, you know, like, well, whatever 5:13 . Only five stars are directed to the, the, to the place where you want your review. So, um, we can always track our, you know, like our reviews, which are less than five stars and read the comment in case if any, any was, um, you know, left and we can, we can basically actually work with reviews. 5:33 We can even connect it to your Gmail, sorry, the Google, um, maps, and you can even reply from the system as well. 5:42 Um, using AI, um, so a lot of cool stuff. This is, uh, this is like a sneak peek, um, book the demo with me. 5:51 Um, and I can show you everything, you know, how we operate CactusMoving and hopefully we will be able to work together. 5:58 If not, then at least we, uh, you know, do something together. Networking. Um, looking forward to speaking with you in person. 6:05 Cheers.